Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ominous beat music)
- [Announcer] Ladies and gentlemen.
President Harry S. Truman.
- [Truman] My fellow Americans.
I want to talk to you plainly tonight.
We are trying to prevent
a third world war.
(ominous beat music)
- You catch one?
Go hand it off to Joanna!
(faint saxophone music)
(girl yelping)
- It's just a bug. Isabel!
- Hey. c'mon now.
- [Girl] Sorry.
- Rascal.
(sinister music)
- Whoa. there.
Slow missy.
- Yes. Mama Shan.
- I've told you before. Shannon is fine!
(faint saxophone music)
(boy huffing)
- [Man] 10. 11. 12. 13.
13 counts of green beans.
- [Woman] Okay.
- And one bag of flower.
- [Woman] One bag. that can't be right.
- Joanna. look. look!
(Joanna shushing)
(pleasant jazz music)
- Even if we fill that whole jar.
it's not gonna last us more than a week.
Who's to say it's even edible?
- We could go to the moldy food.
that would give us about a week
if we eat around the edges.
- Martha.
we have no choice.
(ominous music)
(Joanna exhaling)
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Did we upset my little niece?
I promise I will not
mention such things again.
- Thank you. Aunt Martha.
- Here.
Why don't you go upstairs
and we'll finish up here?
We must be mindful.
That child is not well.
- The weeks inside are not helping.
- Shall we continue?
- Well.
let's get to it.
Shannon.
what have you added to today's roster?
- Your boy cut his knee again
on something in that closet.
I warned him the last time
to stop messing in that closet. I did!
But he never listens.
He must've hit a loose nail or something.
Cost us...
one bandage.
one cotton ball and about
two ounces of alcohol.
- Very well then. I
will speak with Tomás.
- He don't listen!
- Horen.
I saw you working earlier.
- Oh yeah. yeah.
See. I noticed some
cracks on those stairs.
Went and plastered the thing right up.
- [Felix] Very good.
- Oh. Felix. you'll love this.
I noticed that my spit
actually stretched the stuff out a little.
made it last a little longer.
So I only used about a
dime's worth of the stuff.
How's that?
- That's very good. Horen.
Very economical.
- That's disgusting.
- That was it.
No other repairs.
- My girls tell me that we're down
to our last bottle of bleach.
121 ounces remaining.
(floor creaking)
Martha?
Go on.
(Martha sighing)
- I'm afraid we're low on food.
- What?
How low?
- Well. if we continue as we have.
about a month of supplies left.
- [Shannon] A month?
- [Martha] And we will
have to further ration
our current supply in
order to have that much.
- But there's hardly enough
to go around as it is!
Have we heard anything from the outside?
Perhaps the quarantine has ended
and people have returned to their homes.
- And perhaps the Commies will
spare you for your stupidity.
- Come now. please.
I'm afraid the outside has been silent.
(ominous music)
It isn't practical to
depend on the unknown.
- What if Horen sought help?
From the outside?
- You sure have some nerve.
Trying to make me leave my own building.
For Christ sake!
- You heard her!
(Felix and Shannon muffled arguing)
Are you kidding?
I'm not gonna get killed!
(pencil cracking)
- [Felix] You know this
place better than anyone.
- [Horen] You think I'm
gonna let you stay in
this building by yourself?
- What can be done?
- You are just ridiculous!
- Please. stop!
- I'm afraid we must take action.
Think I'm gonna sit around and
watch my children go hungry?
I think Shannon is right.
We have to explore the outside.
- [Martha] But we already
decided that it's best
to stay inside until we heard news.
- Yeah. we don't even know
if the Commies dropped it.
I can't leave my own building.
- And you shouldn't. okay?
You know this place better
than anybody. you should stay.
I will go and I will go alone.
(ominous music)
- You?
No. no. no. we can't have you go out.
You could get hurt!
- Well. I'll wear a protective suit
and we'll pray for the best.
(ominous music)
- Well. so much as it
pains me to say.
I believe that Felix is right.
Without an excursion.
we may not survive.
And he is the most well equipped.
I propose a vote.
- No.
No votes.
Everyone cool it!
Come on. Felix. think about
this biological disease crap.
The president just doesn't
evacuate New York City for nothing.
- Well. I'm afraid we have
no other options. Horen.
- But your kids!
- My kids?
Tell me. what good is it for me to stay
if only to watch them wither away. eh?
Now a vote has commenced.
All those in favor?
Yea.
- Yea.
- [Felix] Those opposed?
- Nay.
- Then it's decided.
I will leave in the morning.
- Your courage will save us all.
- My children will need you. Martha.
- And I will be there.
Horen. perhaps you could grab the children
before the meal starts to spoil?
- As if that dog food was ever any good.
Hey kids. c'mon down for dinner.
(door creaking)
- What is it?
- It's not good.
- That's it?
- Rationing. Shannon.
- Ridiculous.
- There you go.
There you go.
Ay yi yi.
Okay. children.
we need to discuss a new
plan for everyone here.
Would that be okay?
You see. this biological
threat from last month.
the thing that may be outside.
it doesn't seem to be improving.
But no one is to fret. as we
have come up with a solution.
I will be taking a short leave
to find us some more fresh food. okay?
- You're leaving?
- But. Papa. why do you have to leave?
- Yeah. make Horen go.
- Again?
- It's his building!
(Felix speaking Spanish)
- Yes. Papa.
- Do you really have to go?
(ominous music)
- I'm afraid so.
But Martha and your brother will see
that you are all taken care
of when I'm away. okay?
(Isabel crying)
- No. Papa!
No!
(daughters shouting in Spanish)
- No.
He's going for everyone.
It's okay.
(Isabel speaking Spanish)
Don't yell. it's okay!
- Please. please!
- Jesus.
- Mira. mira. mira. crying and yelling
is not going to solve anything. okay?
We have to do what's
best for everyone here.
It's only going to be for a short time.
(Isabel crying)
(match sizzling)
- Okay. children.
eat up.
- Yes. Mrs. Martha.
- We must give Felix time to prepare.
(ominous music)
- You can't just leave us all here!
What are we supposed to do?
(Felix speaking Spanish)
- Grab me another rag.
(Isabel speaking Spanish)
(Felix speaking Spanish)
- [Isabel] No.
No.
No. Papa.
(Felix speaking Spanish)
(smooth jazz music)
- What?
(Isabel speaking Spanish)
♪ Shine so bright ♪
♪ Hope they're shining for me tonight ♪
♪ Caught in the magic ♪
♪ I'm caught in those angel eyes ♪
♪ Angel eyes ♪
♪ Smile this way ♪
♪ Though the smile never gives away ♪
♪ All that you're thinking ♪
(Felix knocking)
- [Felix] Tomás. come out.
♪ Those angel eyes ♪
- Where did everyone go?
- I asked them to give us some time.
Come. sit.
- Okay.
- It's a scary thing what's happening. no?
- Yeah.
- Many a strong man must face fear.
What's important is not that you see it
but that you stand up to it.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Tomás.
Things will get difficult.
They may even get scary.
But a true leader must guide and protect
while still concerning
themselves with the greater good.
Of everyone's greater good.
I'm trusting you to listen
to your sister's needs
and to protect them.
Can you do that?
I need you to answer me.
- Yes. okay. yes.
- Good.
Good.
- May I use the toilet?
- Go ahead.
(machine cranking)
(Rhonda coughing)
- Them adults sure are
dumb sending out Mr. Soto.
- I know.
But Martha thinks it's for the best.
She's usually right
about this sort of thing.
I wish you could've heard what
they said in that meeting.
- Yeah. 'till they catch me listening.
Give them the perfect
excuse for kicking out
one of us foster kids.
- Martha wouldn't do that.
- Pfft.
Half the places I been kicked
out of say the same thing.
Think he'll really be leaving?
- I don't think he has a choice.
We're running out of food...
Fast.
They have to do something.
- Yeah. but Mr. Soto?
I mean. without him.
them adults aren't gonna know what to do.
(ominous music)
(Joanna breathing deeply)
You all right?
- Yeah.
It's just something my mom
taught me back upstate.
For my problem.
Deep breaths.
(eerie music)
- [Felix] Martha.
- Don't forget to knock twice
once you're out the foyer.
So we can repair the wood quickly
and double check before passing
any dumpsters or tall buildings.
Those Commies could be hiding anywhere.
- I will.
(gun cranking)
- Just be safe.
- Thank you.
(Felix sighing)
Stand. son.
I want you to remember what
we talked about yesterday.
I need you to protect your sisters
and look after the other children. okay?
Tomás!
Tell me you're gonna do that.
- Yes. okay.
- I love you. mijo.
I love you.
(Felix speaking Spanish)
(somber jazz music)
- May we please have all the children
step back from the door?
Well Felix. there doesn't
seem to be a better time.
- This is true Martha.
I guess it's only proper that
I should say something. eh?
Please. children. friends.
don't look at this as a loss
but instead as an exciting promise!
I'll be back within the week!
And I'll be back with
fresh food. clean linens.
Hey. perhaps some new
toys for the children
if they are good. okay?
Well. let's get to this. huh?
(somber jazz music)
Adios. a mundo.
Adios!
- Okay children.
Cloths now!
(somber jazz music)
(door creaking)
(Felix knocking)
(Isabel crying)
- No.
(ominous music)
(hammer thudding)
(Joanna huffing)
♪ The night was mighty dark ♪
♪ So dark you couldn't see ♪
♪ For the moon refused to shine ♪
(Isabel whimpering)
♪ Couples sitting
underneath a willow tree ♪
♪ For love ♪
♪ They did find ♪
♪ Little maid was kinda fraid ♪
♪ The darkness ♪
♪ So she said ♪
♪ I think I'll go ♪
♪ Boy began to sigh ♪
♪ Looked up at the sky ♪
♪ And told the moon his tale of woe ♪
♪ Oh. won't you shine ♪
(Martha gasping)
- Come now. none of that!
(Martha thudding)
- The city is giant.
Felix could just be lost.
- He promised no more than a week.
- It's okay. Rhonda. Felix
is coming back. all right?
- Why don't Martha like me?
- It's not you.
My aunt can be intense.
but she's just trying to keep us safe.
Okay?
She must like us a little.
Hmm?
(Rhonda coughing)
(Walter shushing)
- What did I say about that?
No coughing.
- Is she feeling okay?
- Yeah. she good.
Being inside has got her throat all sore.
(machine clicking)
- Can I have some sugar bar?
- You gonna be good?
- Mommy used to love getting me sugar bar.
Did your mommy get sugar bar?
- I don't really know what that is but no.
My mom doesn't really cook.
- Well then what does she do?
(Joanna chuckling)
- Well when I was younger.
it was just us so.
she'd do just about anything for work.
When I left. she was working in a factory.
- You mean when you got the darkness?
(eerie music)
- Who told you that?
- Martha told all us kids
that you got the darkness.
It's why we gotta give you space.
- Yes.
That's when I got the darkness.
(machine buzzing)
There.
All better.
- So where's your momma now?
- You sure ask a lot of questions.
- [Rhonda] Is she having
a big slumber party too?
- She could be.
I don't really know.
(ominous music)
Let me just double stitch this part.
(machine clicking)
(eerie music)
(Joanna huffing)
(sinister music)
(girl screaming)
(Joanna gasping)
(Horen humming tune)
- Ha.
Good as new.
- Thanks.
(Joanna tapping)
- [Horen] You okay. honey?
Joanna?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Oh. Joanna.
Just taking some proper precautions.
Just to keep you safe. my dear.
- Safe from leaving?
- Well. yes.
And I promised your
mother I would be mindful.
Well. don't wait for us. just...
go on.
- [Isolina] We talked
about this already. Isabel.
- What if something gets in
the building. like the virus?
What will we do then?
- Isabel. you need to relax.
- Papa said he would
only be gone for a week.
Did he say anything else to you?
Ugh!
(smooth jazz music)
♪ Angel eyes ♪
- Tomás!
♪ Smile this way ♪
♪ Though the smile never gives away ♪
♪ All that you're thinking ♪
♪ All in those angel eyes ♪
♪ I'd like to know ♪
♪ I'd like to see ♪
♪ Beyond the smile enchanting me ♪
(zipper buzzing)
♪ And if I knew ♪
(Tomás thudding)
(Isolina knocking)
- [Isolina] Tomás. you okay?
- Fine. thanks.
(Tomás thudding)
(door rattling)
- Tomás!
(Tomás gasping)
- I said I'm fine. thanks!
- [Isabel] Just pull it open.
- [Isolina] I can't. it's stuck!
Tomás. are you holding the door?
- [Isabel] Tomás. just let us in already!
Here let me try.
- [Isolina] No. I almost have it!
- [Isabel] Tomás. come out!
- [Isolina] Tomás. stop this!
Come on!
- [Isabel] He's not even
listening to you. Isolina!
(ominous music)
What are you doing?
- [Isolina] Tomás. stop this already!
What is wrong with you. Tomás?
- Nothing. nothing.
(somber jazz music)
- What you writing. my dear?
(eerie music)
- How much longer will you be?
- Perhaps another 10 minutes.
(door creaking)
(Martha speaking muffled)
(Rhonda coughing)
(Walter shushing)
- I'm trying!
- Keep it down. and I'll
get you some sugar bar.
What?
- Martha's putting a lock on my door.
- You too?
Put one on ours.
Said it was to protect Rhonda.
(Rhonda coughing)
(Walter shushing)
- This can't be good.
(eerie music)
(somber jazz music)
(Horen sighing)
(building rumbling)
- What the fuck?
- [Martha] Oh God!
The children!
- What is happening. Walt?
(building rumbling)
- Hurry. come here!
You two get the gas masks.
meet us in the dining room!
Do it now!
(building rumbling)
Here.
(Martha whimpering)
(faint jazz music)
Abrahem.
Wear the mask.
Put yours on first. dear.
(building rumbling)
(faint jazz music)
The window!
(somber music)
Joanna. no!
(eerie music)
(wood thudding)
(hammer banging)
What about that crack on the ceiling?
Anything there?
(Rhonda coughing)
- [Horen] Nothing.
And that wallpaper's
been like that for years.
- [Walter] Just go upstairs.
- Coulda just been an
earthquake for all we know.
- But we must take proper
precautions. Horen.
Let's talk about this later. shall we?
How are the children?
- Good.
Tomás cut his elbow so I
had to use a bandage but--
- Mm-hmm?
- That's it for now.
- Well. very good.
- Aunt Martha?
- Yes. what is it?
- May I speak with you?
Privately.
- Things are very busy right now. Joanna.
Okay. just spit it out.
- Okay.
I saw something out the
window during the shake.
- What was it. honey?
(Martha shushing)
- It was a balloon.
A bright yellow one.
- Martha?
- With the brightness of that old sun
she saw that and much more.
but it was simply a mirage.
- It wasn't a mirage. I'm sure of it.
- [Walter] Where'd you see it?
- It floated past.
Right before the window got boarded up.
- Oh. Joanna.
Now it's been a long day
and there is no reason for you
to create these stories now.
- Well. shouldn't we at
least ask some questions?
- She needs rest for the darkness.
- I'm fine.
- Christ. let the girl speak!
Joanna. honey.
was that all you saw?
- Well. yeah. but...
I only had a second to look.
- All right. that's enough.
I'm not gonna let your lies
create chaos in this house.
We have to concentrate on keeping
ourselves safe from the disease.
Do you understand?
Not some non-existent object!
- Aunt Martha.
- Not another word
or you'll be without breakfast!
Now go to bed!
And you will continue to help Shannon
and you will do work as I see fit.
Now no more talk of this nonsense!
She is damaged!
And I can't believe you
are so simple-minded
to leave that child.
- No. of course not. ma'am.
(thunder rumbling)
(Joanna exhaling)
(eerie music)
(woman crying)
(metal clinking)
(wind howling)
(woman crying)
- Mother?
The doors!
(intense music)
(somber chiming music)
(Joanna whimpering)
(woman screaming)
(intense music)
(Joanna gasping)
No. Mother. stop!
(intense music)
(Joanna gasping)
(thunder rumbling)
(Joanna whimpering)
(Joanna sighing)
(rain trickling)
(Rhonda coughing)
(cricket chirping)
- Who's there?
(match sizzling)
- Mr. Burton. I was
just looking for some--
- No need to tell me.
You're just taking from the man.
Oh. excuse me. woman.
(Horen laughing)
Besides. I could use the company.
Come on. it's my last one.
- Martha said that
stuff's just for bad cuts.
- Yeah. well.
Martha says a lot of things.
That woman's vibrato can slay a cat.
Or an elephant.
(Heron laughing)
Eh.
I should've known right when she asked
for her own set of keys.
Sure feel like a real fathead now.
And where does she get this poppycock idea
that some slabs of wood will
keep the Commie disease out?
I can guarantee you the
White House isn't covered
with planks of crummy wood. ya'know?
- So you won't tell her I was down here?
- Why would I?
Damn woman changes the
locks in my building?
Those Reds can take her for all I care.
Why you up anyway?
- Can't sleep.
- Me too.
Can't stop thinking
about that damn balloon.
- You believe her?
- That was the most pep
I've ever seen from you.
Yeah. I believe her.
Guessing you do too?
- Probably the only thing I know is true.
(Horen chuckling)
- That must be nice.
Hey.
we'll figure out what's going
on outside. don't you worry.
We just have to work
together and stay safe.
Ya got that?
- Yeah.
Thanks.
- Hey. you looking for
cookies in there or what?
'Cause I can tell you there ain't any.
- Oh.
no.
It was something for my sis.
- Well.
better go get it then.
I can keep a secret.
My late wife. Louisa.
used to get me honey when my throat hurt.
That should be in the middle right.
- Thanks.
- Hurry now.
You don't want Martha to
hear her coughing like that.
- I wish those adults
listened to you more. sir.
- You and me both. kiddo.
- Thanks.
- You and me both.
(thunder rumbling)
Well. let's get this over with.
- We cannot take
yesterday's events lightly.
(eerie music)
- [Shannon] What do you suggest. Martha?
- It's time we take action.
Felix has been gone nearly
two weeks by my count.
(ominous music)
- [Horen] Who said that was a bad idea?
- We need to send someone
else out for supplies
and for Felix.
- Someone else?
- [Abrahem] Here. here.
- Oh. so are you volunteering to go out
in whatever that is yourself?
- Actually. I was thinking you should.
- Makes sense.
- How?
How does any of this make sense?
- Sorry.
- [Horen] We don't even
know what. if anything.
is out there.
- Exactly.
We need someone to investigate
and bring us back information
and why not send the
healthiest man we have?
- That's precisely what I was thinking.
- How will this help us?
- It won't.
(ominous music)
- You could search for supplies.
Perhaps get more cigarettes?
- I see what this is.
Can't you see she's playing us. Shannon?
Jeez.
First. you say there's danger outside.
Now you're saying we should go exploring?
If you're so goddamned
interested in what's out there.
why don't you go yourself?
- Horen.
please don't let your fear of the outside
bring hatred to this household.
- I am not afraid of nothing.
But I can goddamn guarantee
that you're not gonna
make me go out there.
This is my building!
- And what do you suggest?
That we all starve?
That we watch our children
turn into bones and skin?
We can only ration our meals
so much further. Horen.
- Oh Lord. not again.
- You must go.
- I must not do anything!
Last time I checked. this
was still a free country!
- Are you sure about that?
- Yes. I am sure!
- [Abrahem] This is our best option.
- [Horen] Why don't you listen to this?
- [Martha] You know. the
children are going to hear this
and then we're going to
have to explain it to them.
(intense music)
(adults arguing)
- I'll go!
- Joanna. you should be
the last one listening in.
Get back upstairs now.
- No.
- Excuse me?
Is there someone else up there?
All of you. back upstairs now!
- You need someone to go outside. right?
Well.
I don't even really live here.
And you've all been so nice
to let me stay while I...
get better.
But I can help.
- You will do no such thing.
I made a promise to your mother
that I intend to keep.
- But I can go. Aunt Martha.
I saw the balloon.
I wanna help for once.
- And you're still
experiencing these delusions.
Child. you need to sleep.
Abrahem. will you take
her upstairs. please?
(ominous music)
- Just give me a chance. Aunt Martha.
I'll do a good job. I promise!
- I'll go!
I'll go!
- No. Mr. Burton!
- Shannon. why is your foster
child chiming in on this?
- Hush!
- But he's right. why
should Horen have to go?
- I don't have to do anything. honey.
But I am out of cigarettes.
Plus I wanna see this balloon
you've been talking about for myself.
Some of us believe you.
- Prepare a suit for him.
And don't ever question me again.
- Why didn't you let me go?
- They won't listen to you. Walter.
- [Walter] Mr. Burton?
- [Horen] Walter.
come on in.
- You really leaving?
- Sorry. kiddo.
Whatever's out there's
gotta be better than this.
Besides.
I want to get me a look at
that balloon your friend saw.
Can't wait to see Martha's face
when I come back and tell her that.
(Horen chuckling)
- So you're coming back?
- Of course I'm coming back.
And I'm gonna have Felix with me
and I'll tell him all the crazy shit
that woman's been up to.
(Horen chuckling)
Hey.
I'm gonna need someone to keep an eye
on my stuff while I'm gone.
You think you can handle
that for me. kiddo?
- Yeah. I can do that.
- Good.
(Horen chuckling)
(wheel cranking)
(scream screeching)
(eerie music)
(sinister music)
- Walter. guys. come quick!
(intense music)
(keys clinking)
(ghostly moaning)
(woman crying)
Mother?
(ominous music)
(Martha screaming)
- You ignorant child!
(Joanna gasping)
(Joanna whimpering)
(eerie music)
- Thanks. honey.
I like the fight in you.
Keep it up.
Girls.
Take care of my room like we said?
- Yeah. I can do that.
(somber jazz music)
(ominous music)
Well. let's get this over with. I guess.
- [Martha] Cloths.
(hammer thudding)
(hammer banging)
♪ The night was mighty dark ♪
♪ So dark you couldn't see ♪
♪ For the moon ♪
- We're calling a meeting.
- What is it?
(Walter shushing)
- Martha's napping.
We wanted to meet because them
adults have been scaring us.
They must have you guys scared too.
- My aunt won't listen to anyone.
We're worried.
- But Martha takes care of us.
- Not no more.
- I saw something out that window.
It was a bright. yellow
balloon full of life.
And Martha doesn't want to
hear it. she won't listen.
- And she made Horen leave.
He would've helped us.
- [Isolina] So what do we do?
- [Joanna] Well. the
first step is finding out
if it's safe outside.
We're just not sure how.
- Even if we find out that it's safe.
how do we get out?
- We'll have to convince the adults
to let us have a say in things.
- And if they don't listen?
- I'm good with locks.
I could go in the kitchen.
I could steal some rope.
We could tie them up.
- Just until we get outside and.
and then we'll show them that it's safe.
If it's safe.
- What do you think?
- Papa said that Martha will protect us.
- [Isolina] Yeah but is she?
- [Isabel] We should wait for Papa.
- [Isolina] How much
longer are we gonna wait?
(eerie music)
(sisters arguing)
(Joanna huffing)
(intense music)
(Joanna clapping)
- Look.
we've been told that adults are
supposed to take care of us.
protect us.
But how can they do that
if they can't even agree with each other?
Okay. we can't keep waiting for them.
We have to do something.
- We're in.
- Okay.
Then everyone just keep an eye out
for anything that could tell
us what's going on outside.
Cracks in the window. changes
in the light. anything.
And then we'll meet back here
when we have more information.
All those in favor?
Yay.
- Yay.
- Yay!
(ominous music)
- Very well.
Let's conclude this meeting for now.
Martha will be waking up soon.
Everyone just keep an eye out
and we'll meet back when
we have more info. okay?
(unsettling music)
- You know. I actually have
some ideas that may help.
- Great.
You can tell Walter on the way out.
- Oh. okay.
I think this is the right move.
- Yes. certainly.
- [Isabel] Isolina. let's go.
(ominous music)
- That was good.
Isolina is smart.
We oughta talk to her.
(Joanna quivering)
Joanna?
(eerie music)
- I'm not sure how much
longer I can stay here.
(Joanna gasping)
(door knocking)
(knob rattling)
- You oughta come downstairs. now!
(ominous music)
(door rattling)
(Abrahem whimpering)
(door banging)
- Joanna.
- Identify yourself!
(door thudding)
- [Isolina] Papa?
- What's happening?
- I'd say someone wants in.
- They're gonna break down the damn door!
(gun cranking)
- We are armed and
cocked. identify yourself!
(wood thudding)
(ominous music)
Get upstairs. go!
(door rattling)
(door cracking)
Horen!
(Horen laughing)
You may be contaminated!
You must exit immediately!
(Horen laughing)
Horen!
I'm warning you now!
We can not take this lightly.
(Horen laughing)
- Oh.
Hey. kiddo. you're a sight for sore eyes.
- Mr. Burton. where did you--
- You're not sick.
- Horen. I mean it!
Exit now or endure the consequences!
(flame sizzling)
- What did you see?
(faint jazz music)
(gunshot booming)
(Walter yelling)
(ominous music)
- Back!
Back. boy!
Quick!
Get his body out. could
be carrying the disease.
(unsettling music)
- Oh.
Oh my God.
- Shannon!
This is a state of emergency!
Don't act like an invalid!
(ominous music)
- Yes.
Yes. ma'am.
- Quick!
Before he infects the entire building!
I don't know how you got out of your rooms
but you better go back to bed now!
Now!
(Joanna huffing)
Finally here to help?
- Oh.
no. not quite.
- Oh well. I think it's time you start.
You need to spend less time
with that orphan boy. anyway.
He seems to be hindering your recovery.
(floor creaking)
- I think we should talk.
- Oh well. perhaps if you helped out more
there would be time for talk but not now.
- We need to talk about Horen.
- Why would you say that name to me?
- He just looked so...
normal.
- Do you think something was wrong?
- Who's to say?
He was never easy to read.
- At least he got to have one more smoke.
- He must've raced to
the grocer to get them.
(Isabel chuckling)
- Do you think he saw Papa?
- If he did. I'm sure they
found a cigarette to share.
- Yeah. I bet they did.
(door creaking)
(door thudding)
- We can't pretend like
last night didn't happen.
- [Martha] Leave it. Joanna.
- He wasn't even sick.
What if it's okay outside?
- Who's to say Horen wasn't sick?
He may have just not
been displaying symptoms.
Now stop this this instant!
(Isolina and Isabel speaking muffled)
(Tomás sniffling)
(door knocking)
- [Isolina] Tomás. come out here!
- [Tomás] Just a minute.
- [Isolina] You better
open these doors right now!
- [Isabel] What is he doing?
- Tomás!
- Stop!
- I just think there should
have been more of a discussion.
- I don't require permission.
(ceiling thudding)
- [Tomás] Stop!
- [Isolina] Tomás!
You're going to make me break
the door if you don't stop!
- Maybe some of the kids can
start sitting in on meetings.
- Open this door now!
- You get out of there
this instant. young lady!
- I'm sorry. ma'am. but he won't come out.
- [Martha] Who?
- Our brother!
(Martha knocking)
- Tomas. this is Martha.
Open the door right now.
What exactly is going on in here?
- Nothing.
- Really?
What. you're just hiding
from your sisters?
That's not very nice.
- I...
I guess.
- What do you think your
father would say about this?
Up now.
- Aunt Martha. he's just tired.
Let's get back to the count.
- Get up now!
- What?
(foreboding music)
(Martha gasping)
- Get out of the room now!
Not only has he threatened
this entire building
but we're using nearly half our medical
and construction resources for repair.
Tomás will be denied two
meals for this burden.
Mm-hmm. yeah. check everywhere.
Even the smallest places.
(Rhonda coughing)
Little scrap.
Anything could be an infection.
- [Shannon] He's clear.
- Hey. where are you two going?
- Little Rhonda just
had to use the lavatory.
- Oh. well.
why don't we have her
inspected first and then
you can be on your way. hmmm?
- Martha.
- How long you been sick. honey?
- She good.
I been with her all week.
She ain't got nothing wrong.
- Her forehead is quite warm.
- We run warm.
My momma always said that.
- Look. son. I know that
you love your sister
but we have to take proper
precautions. don't we?
I'll tell you what. you
put a gas mask on her
and stick her in Horen's room.
- I'm going too.
- Oh.
But if you both go then
you might get sick too
and we don't want that. do we?
- I guess not.
- She's gonna be fine.
She'll be there a short time.
That's okay. isn't it?
- I guess.
- Great.
(ominous music)
(chair scraping)
- [Abrahem] It's clear.
(somber music)
- How is she?
- She's weak.
Her energy is very low
and her throat is swollen.
Can't tell if she's contagious.
So I've isolated her in a dresser.
- Any new information regarding the hole?
- [Abrahem] Not much.
The kid certainly
created quite an opening.
It's possible that something
could've made its way in.
- Something definitely got in.
That little girl goes for weeks
without showing any signs of illness
then suddenly she's frail and unwell.
(stairs creaking)
We mustn't take this lightly.
Who's to say that she won't
infect the entire building?
- Yes but...
What if it's just a cold?
- What if it's not?
I'm not willing to take a
chance on one orphan girl
causing an infection. are you?
- I suppose you're right.
- Whatever you think best.
- We mustn't risk our lives
on a little orphan girl.
She must be ejected.
(foreboding music)
(dresser rattling)
(dramatic instrumental music)
- Faster. come on!
(ominous music)
- [Walter] Save her!
Rhonda. stay close. I'll find you!
- Joanna.
- [Walter] Rhonda!
(Joanna grunting)
(intense music)
- Fight it!
Fight the darkness. my niece.
- Please.
Just let me close the door
again. she'll be fine in there.
She won't make anyone sick. I promise!
- Oh. I'm afraid we can't
take that chance now.
(ominous music)
You're gonna be just fine.
(eerie music)
Start removing the wood for an ejection.
- [Rhonda] Walter!
- [Martha] Quiet already!
Abrahem. take her out!
(door thudding)
(unsettling music)
(doorknob rattling)
- I didn't mean to wake you.
- You didn't.
What're you doing?
- I have to get her.
I need one of them suits.
(thunder rumbling)
- I'm sorry. I tired.
- It ain't your job.
That's why I gotta go.
- Walter. you won't even
make it past the first door
without waking them up.
- I have to try.
I'm all she got.
- I can't believe she could
do such horrible things.
She was never the warmest person
but she was always a good person.
- Them nice people can turn mean.
Put in the wrong situation.
- What if we came up with
a better plan together?
Something that would
actually get you outside
and not just get you in trouble?
- I'm listening.
(door thudding)
(thunder rumbling)
- You okay?
- I messed up everything.
If I hadn't made that hole.
none of these would have happened.
I was going through my
baseball cards last week.
hit the nightstand. made the
hole and let in the disease.
I just screw everything up.
- Wait. when?
- [Tomá] All the time.
- No.
No.
When'd you make that hole?
- Last week.
- My sister been sick for two weeks.
No way that hole made her sick
if it was just a week ago.
Show it to me.
- And it took up this whole space?
- Just about.
I covered it with this.
- How much time do you spend in here?
- Plenty.
Why?
- If anyone should be
sick. it should be you.
- No kidding.
(bed creaking)
(Isolina yawning)
(thunder rumbling)
- And you look fine.
Besides. more importantly.
a hole this big.
we should all be sick.
If there really is a disease.
(ominous music)
We need to call another meeting.
Now.
- [Martha] And I think there
should be repercussions for it.
- Certainly.
- Children. we will call
for you when the meal is ready!
- We demand to be included
in the building meeting.
- Excuse me.
- We live here too and
we deserve to be heard.
(Martha chuckling)
- You're but children.
you don't even know what you're saying.
Now go back upstairs.
Tomás.
take your sisters upstairs.
- Rhonda wasn't infected.
She's been sick for nearly two weeks.
Walter's just been hiding it.
The hole's only been around for one week
amnd Tomás and the girls
have been sleeping by it
the entire time and they're fine.
- I feel great.
- I bet it's safer out
there than it is in here.
- That can't possible
be true. can it. Martha?
We would've kicked that
poor girl out for nothing!
And Horen!
- That little girl was sick.
You ran her temp yourself.
She was sick.
- They ain't saying she
wasn't sick. Abrahem!
- Is this another one
of your lies. Joanna?
- It's not a lie.
- First the balloon.
and now this.
- There really was a balloon.
(Martha laughing)
- Do you any of you really
know this little girl
who claims to be your leader?
Which of you knows why she's here?
Raise your hand. huh?
Who knows why this girl's
mother dumped her here.
despite the dangers outside?
(eerie music)
My sister.
her mother.
was having dinner one night
when this one had one of her episodes
and began stabbing her with silverware.
(ominous music)
How many times did you stab her?
15. was it?
Took a 200 pound man to just pull her off.
She
mustn't
be trusted!
Oh. she'll hurt anyone.
Even herself.
Now go ahead. pull up her sleeves.
I bet she's covered in cuts.
How much must a mother
fear her own daughter
in order to leave her behind?
(sinister music)
(Joanna screaming)
- Quick. Walter. as we
planned. grab the rope!
- [Shannon] Leave her alone!
(Tomaś screaming)
(Shannon yelping)
(Shannon groaning)
(dramatic instrumental music)
- [Walter] Tie her up!
- No!
You cannot behave this way!
(Shannon groaning)
(Walter thudding)
- [Walter] Tomás. the rope!
(Abrahem groaning)
- Oh. you're childish if you
think it's better out there.
- I am a child. Aunt Martha.
(dramatic instrumental music)
I'll be taking these.
(Martha groaning)
(eerie music)
(girls giggling)
Well. thanks everyone. that
wasn't quite what we planned.
But thanks for sticking with it.
So go pack.
But only the essentials.
(Martha muffled moaning)
(ominous music)
(faint jazz music)
- This is the only place
Papa knows. I'm not leaving.
- We can find a police
officer once we're out.
- Yeah.
- They'll help us.
- Because they'll
definitely take our side.
- We all already agreed to this!
There's not even enough
food here. we have to leave!
- [Isbel] You don't even know
if there's food out there.
It's safe here.
- [Isolina] Did you
see what just happened?
We have to go!
- [Isabel] Papa will come back for us!
We need to wait for him!
- [Isolina] We can't wait any longer!
- [Isabel] I'm not leaving!
- [Isolina] You're coming with us!
- Am not!
- Hey!
Now Papa put me in charge.
and I've already decided
that we're leaving!
So shut up and come help me pack!
- Jeez.
When did you get so bossy?
- Just help!
- Fine.
(somber jazz music)
♪ I'd like to know ♪
♪ I'd like to see ♪
(music distorting)
♪ Beyond the smile enchanting me ♪
(ominous music)
- And we should all probably change into
something a little warmer before we leave.
So find your outfits. quickly.
- Aren't you gonna go out in the hallway?
- There isn't any time for that.
Just change quickly!
- Tomás. we're not just gonna
change with you still here.
- I'm in charge here
and I'm saying there
isn't any time for that!
Now do it quickly so I can keep packing!
(ominous music)
♪ I'm not a stranger ♪
♪ Loving those angel eyes ♪
(ominous music)
(eerie music)
- Let's go!
What's wrong with them?
- Who knows?
(foreboding music)
(gun cranking)
- Everyone upstairs now!
You don't know what's
best for you. now get!
(door knocking)
- Is that coming from outside?
- Seems like it.
(door knocking)
- Maybe it's Papa.
- Everyone back upstairs.
we will handle this!
(door knocking)
- No.
(gun cranking)
(door knocking)
- Now!
(Joanna huffing)
Don't make me hurt my niece. child.
(dramatic instrumental music)
- Attack!
(Shannon gasping)
(dramatic instrumental music)
(Abrahem whimpering)
- I've always known you
weren't strong enough
to fight the darkness!
You're just like your mother!
Needing someone to help
you with everything!
- I don't need anyone's help now!
(gun cranking)
(door banging)
(man yelling muffled)
We're here!
We're inside!
- Stop it!
You don't know who's out there!
(Shannon screaming)
(Abrahem screaming)
- Get off!
(Martha laughing)
- I knew it!
I never should've allowed
such a damaged child into our home!
(Joanna screaming)
(man shouting muffled)
(Martha screaming)
(intense music)
(scratches squelching)
(Martha groaning)
(man shouting muffled)
(hit thudding)
(intense instrumental music)
(door pounding)
- Quick. I have her!
(police siren alarming)
(knife slicing)
(Martha groaning)
(ominous music)
(blood squelching)
(Joanna gasping)
(wood thudding)
(Joanna groaning)
(eerie music)
- [Officer] Back!
Stay back!
(dramatic music)
- Children!
Get here now!
(intense music)
- I'm going to need you to
lower your weapon. ma'am.
(sinister music)
It's okay.
- [Man] The incision is
roughly half an inch wide.
Abrasions along the face.
(Felix speaking Spanish)
(eerie music)
(Joanna gasping)
- [Officer] Do you understand
what just happened?
We are going to walk to my car now.
All right?
- [Officer] Are you ready?
- [Officer] Yeah. will you take these?
(eerie music)
(dramatic music)
(birds chirping)
♪ Down in the willow garden ♪
♪ Where me and my true love did meet ♪
(somber guitar music)
♪ While we sat a-courtin' ♪
♪ My love fell off to sleep ♪
♪ I had a bottle of Burgundy wine ♪
♪ My true love she did not know ♪
♪ It was there I murdered
that dear little girl ♪
♪ Down on the banks below ♪
♪ I drew my saber through her ♪
♪ It was a bloody knife ♪
♪ I threw her into the river ♪
♪ It was a dreadful sight ♪
♪ My mother often told me ♪
♪ That money would set me free ♪
♪ If I would murder
that poor little girl ♪
♪ Whose name was Rose Connolly ♪
(somber guitar music)
♪ Now she sits in her old cabin door ♪
♪ Wiping her tear-dimmed eyes ♪
♪ For her only son soon shall hang ♪
♪ Beyond the scaffold high ♪
♪ My race is run ♪
♪ Beneath the sun ♪
♪ The scaffold is waiting for me ♪
♪ For I did murder that dear little girl ♪
♪ Whose name was Rose Connolly ♪
(somber guitar music)
♪ My race is run ♪
♪ Beneath the sun ♪
♪ The scaffold is waiting for me ♪
♪ For I did murder that dear little girl ♪
♪ Whose name was Rose Connolly ♪